Core Team Minutes 26/3/19 (#93)
srobo/core-team-minutes: 2018/2019-03-26.md

	1. The SUSU tech hire quote was very underbudget, chairs and tables have now been hired. The trustees booked the venue so we should email them to find the quote to add to the budget. We may not be convered by the university's public liability insurance, and as we have budget allocation for this we should buy cover to be safe.
	2. The core team should be aware that the schedule has been slightly ammended.
	3. Final ammendments should be added tonight before it is published.
	4. We may not be able to fully reimburse expenses but will try to refund the highest percentage we can.
2. 
	1. We do not have the SusuTv personnel due to the holidays.
	2. Jake will make the final decision on the location for battery charging.
	3. Antoine has emailed Motorola but they have not responded.
	4. Most key issues are assigned, although the freight list is unallocated.
	5. Jake will chase up with teams that have not responded to Media consent forms so that there isn't a huge backlog on the day.
	6. Volunteers should arrive later for the hack day this Saturday, so that a Southampton volunteer is around to open buildings.
	7. This seems like a spam email, so is probably not worth a response.

> 	8. The Pis shipped to Peter are a mixture of SR and SRO property, we will need to get SRO permission to use some.

Reviewer: The Pi's weren't actually shipped to Peter

```suggestion
	8. The Pis we intend to use are a mixture of SR and SRO property, we will need to get SRO permission to use some.
```
